Add tutorial on creating jira issues from enforce events (#623)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/chainguard-enforce/cloudevents/create-github-issues/index.md

> Chainguard Enforce for Kubernetes can send CloudEvents as webhook requests that you can subscribe to and use to do things like generate alerts, create GitHub issues, post messages to Slack channels, and more. This tutorial is meant to serve as a companion to the [Enforce Events github-issue-opener](https://github.com/chainguard-dev/enforce-events/tree/main/github-issue-opener) example application. It will guide you through creating and deploying a Google Cloud Run service that will open new GitHub issues for any Enforce policy violation event.

Author: ```suggestion
Chainguard Enforce for Kubernetes can send CloudEvents as webhook requests that you can subscribe to and use to do things like generate alerts, create GitHub issues, post messages to Slack channels, and more. This tutorial is meant to serve as a companion to the [Enforce Events github-issue-opener](https://github.com/chainguard-dev/enforce-events/tree/main/github-issue-opener) example application. It will guide you through creating and deploying a Google Cloud Run service that will open new GitHub issues when you apply an Enforce policy that would result in a policy violation if you enabled Enforce on a namespace.
```

Author: How does this wording work for you @SharpRake? I updated it in the Jira version too.
